CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing Guidelines

We welcome contributions to Studio, whether they are bug reports, feature requests, or code changes. Please read the following guidelines to ensure that your contributions are accepted quickly and easily.

## Expectations

- We expect all contributors to follow our [Code of Conduct](./CODE-OF-CONDUCT.md).
- We expect all contributors to follow our [Security Policy](./SECURITY.md).
- By submitting a pull request, you agree to release your code under the project's [License](./LICENSE.md).

## How to Contribute

### Reporting Security Issues

Please see our [security policy](./SECURITY.md).

### Reporting General Issues

If you find a bug or have a feature request, please [open an issue](https://github.com/Automattic/studio/issues/new/choose).

### Pull Requests

We are truly grateful for any pull requests you open, and we assure you of our welcoming and respectful approach. We will review and consider all pull requests, valuing the diverse contributions, but we don’t guarantee that all proposed changes will be merged into the core.

The most desirable pull requests are:

- Bug fixes for existing features.
- Enhancements that improve compatibility with different system versions, browsers, PHP or WP versions, WordPress plugins, or environments in general.

We recommend [adding an issue](https://github.com/Automattic/studio/issues/new/choose) for new features so we can review the plan before you start work on the pull request.

Commit message:

docs: Add links to code contribution and project setup documentation

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing Guidelines

We welcome contributions to Studio, whether they are bug reports, feature requests, or code changes. Please read the following guidelines to ensure that your contributions are accepted quickly and easily.

## Expectations

- We expect all contributors to follow our [Code of Conduct](./CODE-OF-CONDUCT.md).
- We expect all contributors to follow our [Security Policy](./SECURITY.md).
- By submitting a pull request, you agree to release your code under the project's [License](./LICENSE.md).

## How to Contribute

### Reporting Security Issues

Please see our [security policy](./SECURITY.md).

### Reporting General Issues

If you find a bug or have a feature request, please [open an issue](https://github.com/Automattic/studio/issues/new/choose).

### Code Contributions

For information on setting up your development environment for contributing code, see the [Code Contributions](./docs/code-contributions.md).

We are truly grateful for any pull requests you open, and we assure you of our welcoming and respectful approach. We will review and consider all pull requests, valuing the diverse contributions, but we don’t guarantee that all proposed changes will be merged into the core.

The most desirable pull requests are:

- Bug fixes for existing features.
- Enhancements that improve compatibility with different system versions, browsers, PHP or WP versions, WordPress plugins, or environments in general.

We recommend [adding an issue](https://github.com/Automattic/studio/issues/new/choose) for new features so we can review the plan before you start work on the pull request.
